---
title: Sequential String
tags: snowflake, strings
---

A special string `s` of length `n` consists of characters `0-9` only. Its characters can only be accessed sequentially, i.e., the first '1' chosen is the leftmost '1' in `s`. There is an array `arr` of `m` strings, also consisting of characters `0-9`. Calculate the minimum number of characters needed from `s` to construct a permutation of each of the strings in `arr`.

Return an array of integers where the `i`th element denotes the minimum length of a substring that contains a permutation of the `i`th string in `arr`. If a string cannot be constructed, return `-1` at that index.

## Function Description

Complete the function `countMinimumCharacters` in the editor below.

`countMinimumCharacters` has the following parameters:
- `string s`: the special string of length `n`
- `string arr[m]`: an array of strings

**Returns:**
- `int[]`: an array of integers where each element denotes the minimum length of a substring needed to construct a permutation of the string at that index in `arr`, or `-1` if it cannot be constructed

## Example

**Input:**
```plainview
s = "064819848398", arr = ["088", "364", "07"]
```
**Output:**
```plainview
[7, 10, -1]
```

**Explanation:**

Consider `n = 12`, `s = "064819848398"`, `m = 3`, `arr = ["088", "364", "07"]`:

- To construct "088", Alice needs to access the first 7 characters ("0648198") of the special string and use only '0', '8', and '8'. Since the characters can be rearranged, the result for "088", "808", and "880" are all 7.
- To construct "364", access the first 10 characters ("0648198483") of the special string and use only '6', '4', and '3'. Rearrange to match "364".
- String "07" cannot be constructed from the special string. No '7' is available.

The return array is [7, 10, -1]. Note that only bolded characters are used to construct the strings.

## Constraints

- $1 \leq n \leq 10^5$
- $1 \leq q \leq 2 \times 10^4$
- $1 \leq \sum \text{of the lengths of strings in arr} \leq 5 \times 10^5$
- All strings consist of characters '0'-'9' only.

You can find more details on the problem [here](https://www.fastprep.io/problems/snowflake-count-minimum-characters)

