---
title: Meeting Assistant
tags: snowflake
---

Implement a simple meeting assistant. A list of strings, `events[n]`, in the form "`<person_name> <action> <start> <end>`" is provided where `person_name` performs `action` from `start` to `end`, both inclusive. Times are formatted HH:MM. Find the earliest time in the day, from "00:00" to "23:59", when all people mentioned in at least one event are available for a meeting of `k` minutes. Report the answer as "HH:MM" or the string "-1" if it is not possible.

## Function Description

Complete the function `getEarliestMeetTime` in the editor below.

`getEarliestMeetTime` takes the following arguments:
- `string events[n]`: event descriptors
- `int k`: meeting duration

**Returns:**
- `string`: the earliest time for the meeting or "-1" if it is not possible

## Example 1:

**Input:**
```plainview
events = ["Alex sleep 00:00 08:00", "Sam sleep 07:00 13:00", "Alex lunch 12:30 13:59"], k = 60
```

**Output:**
```plainview
14:00
```

**Explanation:**

Alex is not available until 8:00. After that, Sam is not available until 13:00. Then Alex is busy until 13:59. Return the earliest time they are both available, "14:00".

## Example 2:

**Input:**
```plainview
events = ["sam sleep 12:00 23:59", "alex sleep 00:00 13:00"], k = 1
```
**Output:**
```plainview
-1
```

**Explanation:**

There is no time when both are free.

## Example 3:

**Input:**
```plainview
events = ["sam sleep 12:00 18:59", "alex gaming 00:00 11:00"], k = 60
```

**Output:**
```plainview
19:00
```

**Explanation:**

Alex plays games from 00:00 until 11:00. If the meeting starts at 11:01, it ends at 12:01. Sam is asleep from 12:00 to 18:59.

## Constraints:

- $1 \leq n \leq 10^5$
- $1 \leq \text{length of events[i]} \leq 40$
- $1 \leq k \leq 1440$
- It is guaranteed that the number of people is less than 5000.
- It is guaranteed that no person's events overlap.

For more details, you can visit the problem [here](https://www.fastprep.io/problems/snowflake-get-earliest-meet-time).


