---
title: Get Minimum Cost
tags: snowflake
---

The data analysts of Hackerland want to schedule some long-running tasks on remote servers optimally to minimize the cost of running them locally. The analysts have two servers, a paid one and a free one. The free server can be used only if the paid server is occupied.

The $n^{th}$ task is expected to take `time[n]` units of time to complete and the cost of processing the task on the paid server is `cost[n]`. The task can be run on the free server only if some task is already running on the paid server. The cost of the free server is 0 and it can process any task in 1 unit of time.

Find the minimum cost to complete all the tasks if tasks are scheduled optimally.

## Function Description

Complete the function `getMinCost` in the editor below.

`getMinCost` has the following parameters:
- `int cost[n]`: the costs of scheduling the tasks on a remote server
- `int time[n]`: the times taken to run the tasks on a remote server

**Returns:**
- `int`: the minimum cost to complete all the tasks

## Example 1:

**Input:**
```plainview
cost = [1, 1, 3, 4]
time = [3, 1, 2, 3]
```
**Output:**
```plainview
1
```

**Explanation:**

The first task must be scheduled on the paid server for a cost of 1 and it takes 3 units of time to complete. In the meantime, the other three tasks are executed on the free server for no cost as the free server takes only 1 unit to complete any task. Return the total cost, 1.

## Example 2:

**Input:**
```plainview
cost = [1, 2, 3, 2]
time = [1, 2, 3, 2]
```
**Output:**
```plainview
3
```

**Explanation:**

The first and the second tasks can be scheduled on the paid server and in parallel. The last two can be scheduled on the free server. The total cost is 1 + 2 = 3.

## Constraints:

- $1 \leq n \leq 10^5$
- $1 \leq cost[i] \leq 10^6$
- $1 \leq time[i] \leq 10^7$


